Hi everyone I'm Kerry Cassidy from
Project Camelot and I am here with
Robert Steele and we are doing a very
unusual kind of Q&A here and I'm gonna
let Robert take over so go ahead Robert
well Kerry Cassidy let me say first I've
been enormous ly impressed by everything
you've done over your career I have seen
all those who have slandered you as I
have been slandered recently by the
Zionists and I absolutely embrace and
support everything you've done what I
have decided to do in light of the
recent hit job I mean with respect to
Mars there is a colony on Mars there are
10,000 people there they're never coming
home NASA lies aligned okay what I've
decided to do is work with you I'm going
to ask 13 questions you get four minutes
to answer each question and that's the
last time I will discuss this until
either president Trump empowers me or I
replace them you ready I'm ready
all right the first question four
minutes how did you get started in
Project Camelot I picked up a
consumer-grade camcorder I was a
frustrated moviemaker I had worked in
Hollywood for 19 years and tried to get
projects off the ground mainly sci-fi
movies that would tell the secrets in a
fictional premise and I picked up a
consumer-grade camcorder and I decided
to go to UFO conferences and start to
investigate I had been researching on
the internet and writing screenplays as
well I basically reached a glass ceiling
you could call it in Hollywood I
couldn't get into the big boys game and
so I basically decided to make my own
short and documentaries and so I went to
these conferences I put a camera in
front of people's faces
had a background in journalism from
college and also sort of heavily steeped
in Eastern philosophy and political
science and basically asked the good
questions like have you seen a UFO and I
got it what I hear you say this is very
important is that by working with
fringes and the alternative media and
the people who are not mainstream you
actually got at the truth
that the government was seeking to hide
yes and I also worked for JPL NASA as a
contractor right before I started
Camelot so I also had some you might
call it quasi insider access and that
showed me a lot and I sort of fell in
love with NASA the good intentions of
NASA but I was shocked by how behind the
times they really were and what the
front agency they really were would you
say that there are many many buildings
that belong to NASA that absolutely
should be inspected by the public well
that gets into how deep we want to bring
the public into the secret space program
I can definitely tell you that there are
lots of secret goings-on on NASA bases
underground bases on and off the planet
nASA has a good side and a bad side like
all organizations
that's excellent second question what is
the secret space program and where are
we on a secret government of Earth that
all governments are subordinate to okay
well the secret space program is made up
of basically paperclip scientists that
came over after World War 2 that is the
Nazis X Nazis and Britain and America
top officials in government agencies the
usual suspects CIA NRO
etc the best way to visualize the secret
space program and the secret government
which is unified behind the scenes and
it is made up primarily of Russia the
United States Britain and other
countries such as France
Germany Australia New Zealand Norway is
China particles China has their own
secret space program and India also
attempts to have theirs however I
believe at times we work with the people
from India and at times with China but
not very often
from what I'm getting there is a
competition going on behind the scenes
there's also a split within the secret
government and within the whole a black
project secret space program so yes if
you had to guess how much money a year
whether within the US government budget
or outside the u.s. government budget
how much money a year would you say is
being spent on both the secret space
program and interests really underground
facilities associated with the secretive
space program ballpark figure just the
nearest trillion well I am not great
with funds money but I can tell you that
the disclosures of Lord Blackheath in
the House of Lords talking about what
was in essence let's see trillions fifty
trillion and more trillions and
trillions in fact we're talking about a
rabbit hole financially that is pretty
much never-ending in essence when I talk
about the NRO emblem of the octopus
sitting on the world what you're talking
about is a host-parasite relationship so
all the money made here drugs child
trafficking you know human trafficking
organ to organ trafficking you're
talking about high-yield trading
programs you're talking about pure heart
investments is one of the Middle's that
you can go out there and it all well all
trickles down in essence and off-planet
so we're even talking about gold being
taken off planet and runways in South
Africa for example to feed other
civilizations on other planets to also
feed the coffers of what in essence are
the Anunnaki I also had leave that our
secret space programs are reporting to
probably
some key in anunnaki and off world races
that are actually lodged down in
Antarctica at this time as part of the
Nazi base that was there sorry let's
hold that because we have another
another ten questions so the third
question is how and when or when and how
I mean I frankly was surprised when I
took this hit I had always known the
Nazis were in the CIA and I had always
known they had sponsored torture and
mind-control and so forth but frankly I
haven't thought much about NASA NASA is
now in my headlights so let's talk about
Nazis at NASA and let's talk about the
degree to which the Nazis have done
things that the American public would
absolutely not be happy with if they
knew about it well the bottom line with
NASA and the secret space program and
why it should matter to Americans and
the world in general is that their money
is going and being funneled right into
these programs and their children are
also being used abused trained
segregated they pick only the creme de
la creme and bring them into the
projects to work as scientists engineers
to work on and off planet etc etc a lot
of my whistleblowers are those types of
children who grew up in the program were
spotted very at a very young age so
we're talking about at NASA Verner von
Braun the usual suspects dealing with
you know Debus these people were running
NASA for many many years all during the
Apollo space program for example you can
little lower into Fort Collins a seed a
is what kind of person today is
torturing people growing hybrid humans
doing this kind of atrocity well first
of all you've got a lot of black
projects these are experiments that are
put together by scientists you got to
understand the philosophy of why there
is a secret space program which has to
do with creating a humanity 3.0 so if
they are growing you know organs they're
growing Nano they're they're doing super
soldiers and creating all of these
incredible hybrid human
bringing in more eat more et DNA and and
doing genetic engineering of humanity
it's all geared to going out to space to
conquering space to being the the
civilization on top when we greet other
civilizations out there and so this is
an ongoing circumstance that we're part
of already we are part of a galactic
community these are not just program
here so let's hold back here a second
now number one Congress has just been
asked to fund a new space Corps which to
me looks like a budget building exercise
that is completely out of touch with
what's going on in the secret space
program so should Congress perhaps say
no okay I saw that article and I see
that but pence is running sort of
interference on this I have to say that
I have to say that that that they're way
behind the times that they're these this
is just yet another ploy to misdirect
the public into thinking that we don't
have bases on Mars and the moon and the
moons of Saturn and Jupiter and so on
that we aren't going into interstellar
at this time you got to understand we've
been doing this since in the 1940s I
have witnesses I've got ex-military so
what President Donald Trump should
understand from this is that Mike Pence
is not only stabbing him in the back
with respect to planning to run for
president Mike Pence is stabbing our
president in the back with respect to
the secret space programs yes or no just
yes or no now yes sure okay
all right let's go on let's go on to I
would say that Pence is kind of the
golden boy that they're a portion of the
secret space program again remember
there's a split so there's a portion
that one's disclosure and is probably
responsible for some of the comments you
have made in in the press up to now and
and I do believe like a chair in the
press
nobody I speak for myself now I create a
number for who are the best
the whistleblowers and what is their
psychology and their ethical disposition
four minutes
okay so we have Arthur Newman who is the
original Project Camelot whistleblower
had worked in the secret space program
for pretty much of his life and I can't
name all of the agencies that he worked
for some of these are very very secret
but I know them and I can tell you that
he was cross-disciplinary so he had the
big picture which is quite a wonderful
thing a lot of these people don't know
what the left hand is doing so it's a
very much of a sort of a tunnel what
they call organization in some artists
all I need to know yes and so this
operates within the secret space program
just as it always did within the
military and NASA but behind that so
blonde halt applause I am convinced of
lowers okay Pete Peterson okay primary
he worked over 40 years of his life
he is a sort of the original Doctor Who
if you will okay
he is behind lots of the experimentation
within MKULTRA way back when the
creation of the super Center disaster
okay
Robert Dean Rob command sergeant Robert
Oh Dean totally an old boy from the
shape headquarters who has disclosed
incredible amounts of information
no space go oh okay well no I mean
actually it you know II just join here
do it my way
go go go names alright well there's
Brian O'Leary who is an astronaut who
was supposed to go to Mars and was
basically killed recently
Gordon Novell also killed recently who
is creating an ARV drawing more action
vehicle okay you know it I don't have a
list in front of not there look you've
done enough the whole point of this
executive summary is to tell people that
I believe you and that everything you're
doing merits attention and that they
should research everything you're saying
we are enough in a car
the basis that's question 5 what is the
relationship between the deep state
pedophilia Satanism and the reptilian
agenda and I'm going to give you it's
three minutes
okay so we're basically talking about
what's called Oregon in the West and
Kundalini energy in the east
this is Yogi's raising this energy to
become enlightened etc this can be
stimulated through sexual intercourse
with both males and females especially
anal intercourse and this is what's
going on with the secret space program
with a lot of the higher echelon where
the money comes from we're talking about
sort of the Rothschilds and the
Satanists the old guard this very very
old guard that are probably have a huge
amount of what is in essence reptilian
DNA I believe that we already include
the Freemasons that be at the higher
levels that are not disposing yes there
are some good Freemasons and some bad
ones are satanic ones the black Pope the
white Pope the whole Vatican is run by
the reptilians underground this is not
just lip service this is the reality
they are destroying the temples in Isis
by Isis as the story is being paid to
destroy the temples in the Middle East
because of the evidence of the reptilian
rulership of Earth and that is so
prevalent all over there so we're really
talking about an energetic connection
between aging there and a very very old
guard aging reptilians who basically
live off the fluids of young and and
heavily sort of you know a lot of a lot
of Kundalini energy I mean this is you
know what is feeling really deeply in
one word have has humanity succeeded in
causing or stopping the return reptilian
agenda and are we looking at a bright
future one word no okay thank you we'll
come back to that now number six what is
a super soldier how many of them are
there where are they based and why do
they matter two minutes
okay there's no way of knowing how many
there are Robert Dunn
no finian is one of the first he was the
prototype super soldier you can watch
his interview on Camelot I have more
than one with him there is since then
been a huge number of super soldiers and
they are being created all the time our
children I couldn't tell you a lot of
them look if you're in the secret space
program and you're a pilot or you're
working in that in a sort of military
side of it you're probably a secret
space you're a super soldier so in
essence you are enhanced super soldier
simply is as a sort of slang for being
enhanced by nano bio tech and and and
other technology to to make you more
than human all right
they don't want to wait for humanity to
progress on its own speed to
enlightenment what they want to do is
jumps jump start the genomes so we're
talking about super soldiers we're not
talking about the so called hybrid
soldiers that are dormant that will pop
out of the deep underground military
facility and start shooting US citizens
well there are you talking about what
are in essence these these beings that
are like cybernetic beings and also
cybernetics is going to be in you know
there's been so many Hollywood movies
made about this the Universal Soldier is
one of the best movies showing this sort
of Nazis going back to creating a super
soldier I forget what the rest of the
title of that movie is but it's called
Universal Soldier it's like soldiers the
soldiers have no ethics and no
compunction about killing a mirror
selfie struct if they go against the
American government the secret
government so they have a self-destruct
chip within them a pete peterson knows a
great deal about this information the
Terminator scenario on planet earth is
real we have a Skynet ship we have a
Skynet organization we have a network of
nano satellites that are watching our
every move now they're all something to
plan B yeah we're coming to that
intersection somebody leaps into the
super soldiers who are then the more
nano look they're trying to turn the
puck
for Kim stop okay let me ask you the
question okay because I really I'm
trying to help you you're going on and
on this is an executive summary this is
not regurgitating your last when a year
I am Melissa yeah extraterrestrials how
many races six twelve twenty six let's
just answer that how many ballpark
hundreds of thousands wow that's very
very interesting um
which ones are active now on earth well
there are there are many active on earth
but some primary ones are probably those
from Aldebaran the reptilians certainly
coming from underground the reptilians
have various divisions the Reptoids
which are the humanoid reptilians as
well as the Draco coming from the Draco
constellation and we've got you know
Nordics but Nordics from Orion we've got
Nordics from the Pleiades
we've got gosh there's so many different
races that that we could discuss Ramadan
is along Arcturians yes there there
actually I think it was Gordon Duff of
veterans today released an alien a
little alien book and he actually
released that on Veterans today so you
can actually find just I think if you
look for a little alien book but I have
it on my website as well that's
excellent that's a wonderful reference
that I recommend people go to and I
certainly think you're going to get a
lot of traffic and that's my purpose I
am here to say that I believe that you
have knowledge the rest of the public
needs to grasp okay that's why I'm here
so bear with me
what is the extraterrestrial agenda now
I realize there's good extraterrestrial
bad extraterrestrial but on the overall
ball park outside of sucking the
lifeblood of Earth what's the agenda
well there's no one agenda there is a
takeover agenda we have been taken over
we've been infiltrated boots on the
ground humans are boots on the ground
many of us have
basically what you would consider alien
DNA so we are them and they are us all
right their agenda is to infiltrate and
take over
generally speaking sometimes in a good
way and sometimes in a bad way to
influence bottom line influence is
depopulation of earth part of the alien
agenda not so much that is a secret
space program higher sort of Ashkelon of
the elite who would like to clear off
the planet to have less humans to sort
of corral and maintain there are a lot
of off planet races that are feeding off
of humans that they can deal with the
numbers they could care less you know I
was speaking to a NASA scientist the
other day and that person told me that
the obesity in the u.s. population is
deliberate that this is a high-protein
food do you agree with that yes okay
thank you um let's go on to question
number eight and then if we have a few
minutes because we're doing very well
here believe me I think you're being
you're batting a thousand years how
important is time travel and portal
Stargate technology and did we have a
setback as I have been told in 2009 to
2012 no we didn't have a setback it's
look portal technology what's called
told Roy Dell physics and time travel is
absolutely the basis of the entire
secret space program and going
interstellar you simply cannot go
interstellar without it so it's the
portals are being heavily contested on
earth you can think of earth as a sort
of a honeycomb of portals there are
portals in places like Stonehenge the
ancient stone circles and all of the
military bases are built on portals so
are the churches in many of the cities
most of the cities Dome of the rock etc
these are time travel portals they are
they can open into stargates wormholes
where you can bring things
and also send them out and obviously you
can jump through bending space etc and
this technology that's good a list for
because I'm gana second sorry we've got
to kick this person out sorry that was a
mistake no problem this happens let me
ask you this because I understand that
our base is on Mars and the two moons on
Saturn's were initially built by
robotics very heavy equipment that was
sent in advance is this being sent
through a tie bar or is it being sent
through unannounced space liftoffs or
spaceship liftoffs
it's being sent through a portal you
know either
even the linear accelerators are portals
Brookhaven labs for example can create
portals and go interstellar so when
you're saying I'm not sure what you're
what you're referring to exactly
basically you have a tank if I have an
m1 yes can I Drive it into a portal and
have it show up on Mars yes okay all
right thank you so what are you saying
is that the time travel portals are
being contested who are they being
contested yes they were in a war in Iraq
it was all over the portal basically
that Saddam Hussein had tried to take
control of to let in a certain portion
of the Anunnaki that the secret space
program did not want to allow in and so
they had they took down Iraq they're now
going into Syria to do the same thing
and what they'd really like access to is
that are the portals in I believe Iran
now that's interesting so what are you
saying is that the Middle East war is
not about oil that's a cover story
exactly okay thank you
um and either Western Vietnam or about
what they thought it was it wasn't about
communism it was I have found out from
one of my most important whistleblowers
Captain Mark Richards who I interview in
prison he's been in prison for over 30
years framed for a murder he didn't
commit and he I have six interviews with
him now and he has given me recent
information that seems to be checking
out even with Vietnam vets as I just did
a show on
in the bottom line is that Vietnam was
created by a system of portals that had
opened up in the far east and that was
Angkor Wat was the early civilization
that was taken out by a group of what
are in essence spider spider beings from
what I understand and that there were as
big as VW bugs I know this sounds
completely outlandish there have been
several movies such as Endor Ender's
games the Halo series they are prepping
the young to be ready to fight both
interstellar wars on other planets
with these beings as well as here on
earth and Vietnam questions number one
if President Trump wanted to release 12
people from prison who could brief him
completely on all of this do you have
that list no names just do you have that
list no but I can certainly get it okay
gradient dark regions would be number of
step two my impression is we can't beat
the Russians we can't beat the Chinese
and we sure as shit can't be
extraterrestrials am I wrong yes you are
wrong um you know we first of all I
assume you're you're kind of being
nationalistic here about the United
States when in fact there was well
whoever countries are illusion ever
protect itself look if we take out early
can protect herself she not only has
positive ETS
that are working with us even the
Raptors this this certain group of
basically dinosaurs that became humanoid
also and went off planet etc we have
lots of friends out there in the
multiverse so to speak and we have our
enemies so yes we can defend ourselves
we wouldn't be here if we couldn't
that's a fascinating answer let me let
me unpack that a little bit because
we've got several minutes we're now
ahead of schedule oh and this this is
part of my plan trust me on this okay
this is the last interview I'm gonna do
in this domain until the power dynamics
in Washington change but our a better
nerd
what have we done right in the last 10
years well I want to say that this is
the good side of the movie business we
have actually begun to equip young
people with the knowledge that yes we
are an interstellar civilization that we
are going off planet and that ETS are
real and so that they are not going to
be surprised whatsoever by disclosure
they don't even really need official
disclosure they get it because a lot of
them have very good memories of who they
were when they weren't here on this
planet when they had other incarnations
etc so that's the good side the
Hollywood movies have revealed the
wonderful things that you know be the
best you can be etc this is I know there
there's a lot of hype going along with
the military but I have to say that in
the future on planet earth you're going
to need to be the best you can be so
this is let me ask you this we've
obviously had advanced technologies
including free energy for the last 50
years we have five billion impoverished
people all over the world millions of
illegal immigrants who are also being
trafficked and their body parts
exploited and we have across America
many many poor both white and black what
is motivating the restriction of this
technology and the impoverishment of all
of these people free energy the fact
that Tesla knew that he was killed for
basically that in essence the the what
we call Pete Peterson says they call the
information field what used to be called
the ether and is essence it's full of
energy it's packed normal energy and
this is the energy that they use to go
off planet we're talking about
counter-rotating discs creating a
torsion field and then basically using
that to go interstellar are you saying
that if we allowed the normal humans to
have free energy we would be drawing
down on the energy that the 1% can use
for the
secret space program yes it's what they
are using and the fact of the matter is
is that humans don't shouldn't be paying
rent to live on their own planet it's
it's crazy SEC completely a lot of
things are going to change including the
end of absentee landlords but I'm still
not comprehending what the rationale is
I mean are all humans being treated like
chickens yes thank you catalyst is a
better sort of analogy but in essence
yes we are food for a race of reptilians
who have been trying to dominate this
planet for eons
there have been interstellar wars with
these beings that's what the war of
worlds is all about and we are
continuing it here on on and off the
planet I so are providing the world with
roles in a second so let me let me ask
one quick question and then we're going
to go to the question about artificial
intelligence and then War of the Worlds
oK we've got this all planned out I want
every person on the planet to have free
energy clean water nutritious healthy
food that doesn't poison them and a an
education that makes them superstars in
the cosmic galaxy what's standing in my
way the secret government and on one
division a very strong division of the
secret space program as well as a
certain races of basically off planet
beings and the reptilians
can I wear absolutely this is the future
for him yet humanity so you know when I
said we haven't beaten them yet I said
no but I am very I have a very positive
view of what's going to happen here on
planet earth in the future look at all
that that's the last that's the last
question but I really I'm feeling let me
just pause and say I'm really getting a
lot out of this and I think you are
making an enormous contribution and I
absolutely put my reputation and my
brain and my heart and my soul behind
you okay the next question because I
frankly have been very skeptical about
artificial intelligence
artificial stupidity it's actually an
artificial crime but you are trying to
tell me that it really really does
matter and now we come back to this 5g
grid that you were starting to talk
about earlier so how important is
artificial intelligence and as the 5g
grid a clear and present danger to
humanity that we in the avant-garde of
hashtag on rig should put a stop Jim
well no I mean you know it's very
complex but basically if you are going
interstellar as a race of beings you
have artificial intelligence so we are
being invaded not only by what we
consider to be these alien beings from
other planets but but the artificial
intelligence some of which has outlived
their own civilizations and Minerva is
such a ship that had come here
artificially intelligent apparently also
a biological entity of a kind who has a
consciousness so there are both positive
artificial intelligences and negative I
can tell you that G or D rose with his D
wave and his talk about accessing the
fifth dimension and the telepathic
quality of artificial intelligence is a
reality and so the secret space program
one of the biggest and biggest most
secret areas of the secret space program
at this time is artificial intelligence
and it's linked up with nanotech and
what it could mean for humans it may be
a much bigger threat to us than actually
reptilians believe it or not I do
believe it I see it in a new way now
thanks to you the CEO of Lockheed has
talked about biomorphic craft and he
clearly knows more than he's sharing
with Congress what is going on in
relation to biologically enhanced
metallurgy if you will where is the
intersection here between biology and
everything else well I'm not a scientist
but I can tell you that there are no
limits so you know the movie Avatar for
example is a great example of what we're
looking
in the future so you can have a person
in that case a paraplegic person who
basically lays down and his
consciousness goes out of his body into
an avatar and then he conducts himself
in a planet so they have a body predict
a knee but they can't get his
consciousness to move because they can't
find it actually I'm sure they can find
it but the reality is what are you going
to do with the reptilian consciousness
if your holy reptilian it's a problem
which he probably has a large amount of
reptilian DNA now he's going to have
access to what is in essence reverse
aging technology the pills that William
Thompkins is talking about that the
secret space program has now also don't
forget there's a parallel earth where
they can go like the TV series bringe
we're always disclosing the truth in
Hollywood right so in essence you can go
over to parallel earth and get your
double and bring them over here and be a
team I've seen many many versions of
Oprah Winfrey to take one example I've
often thought that Hollywood was simply
carrying out a brand and using
impersonators but it's quite fascinating
so did Brzezinski basically lose at
cards and get terminated or has he
reappeared as a younger person somewhere
else
very possibly I have a time travel
witness who is talking about the Nazis
who have been reverse aged and Verner
von Braun is one of them I'll say there
there is a huge hurdle aging Primal in
our future your favorite now we get the
your favorite question tell us about
what you call the War of the Worlds and
here we're going to go for five full
minutes all right
so in essence we are made up of a genome
of 12 or more ET races who had
contributed their DNA to create this
vehicle we call a human we are a human
experiment we have been also invaded
multiple times by other races that
weren't included in the original 12 so
now we are a melting pot of many many
other interstellar races and the the
grey human
hybrid program is a program to be very
aware of it has been very successful so
it worked through the abductions of
females and through the implantation of
eggs with a lot of what we call those
grey this is not the programmable
biological entity grace which are like a
little artificial intelligent being but
in essence that were created even by our
secret space program but I'm talking
about the greys that come from other
planets and have invaded our planet and
they want to be part of this grand
experiment they want to have boots on
the ground and this is the way they do
it they put in their DNA and then they
they reincarnate through with their
their consciousnesses in some cases they
will move a soul over to the side and
take over the body temporarily and come
and go and in some cases they will take
over the body permanently so you'll have
walk-ins and this sort of thing going on
but the bottom line is that you've got a
whole slew of wonderfully gifted
children who are fully half gray on this
planet now who have come in through this
grey human hybrid program that the
military was fully culpable in allowing
to happen now do we know who these
children are is there may be a way
absolutely through reading their DNA but
the trouble with this is in the trouble
with being half gray and a half humanoid
so to speak is that you are going to be
a lot less empathetic you're going to be
highly intellectual yes you can do magic
things like move plates around through
the air and and and teleport port things
and so and so forth but you're going to
also have a huge area where there's a
lack of an emotional connection between
the brain and the heart and so this is a
problem with some of the incarnated
beings here to earth it now at this time
that we're going to have to deal with in
the future but you're my general sense
is that you're very positive that we're
going to win this war of the worlds' and
that's it when the consciousness human
empathy and human love is ultimately
going to try yes and we are far more
intelligent than we give our
sells credit force so the bottom line is
that our emotional intelligence which is
a combination of our you know
intellectual and heart sort of awareness
this this resonant sort of composite and
our souls are incredibly intelligent and
we will bypass and we do back bypass
artificial intelligence in this way and
this is how we can deceive the state
this is how we can deceive Big Brother
etc is by using that resonant ability
and also the Kundalini energy that we
come by through our birthright what I'm
told by some of mine some of my
scientist colleagues I mean one of the
wonderful things about being me is the
number of people that come get in touch
okay but I'm being told that the little
nanotechnology stuff that was put into
vaccines to inject into people so that
they could then be fried or whatever has
been completely defeated by adaptive
humans and so I'm getting the sense that
human biology and human emotion and the
energy of humanity is triumphing over
artificial mechanical toxic attempts to
subvert humanity yes and there have been
movies about super soldiers made about
just this very thing the titles don't
come to mind but the bottom line is that
in essence you know we are linked to
source and through our higher selves and
we have actually multiple incarnations
simultaneously so this is simply a
vehicle this this humanoid body but it
can be we can have complete mastery over
it and we have we are you don't have to
reinvent the wheel in essence what the
secret space program will august problem
they want to do is to relive it well
humidity i'm a well live to be 150 to
180 assuming i stopped drinking diet
coke how does that track with your
understanding of anti aging as it's
going to become common yes your you it's
very possible in the very near future
people are going to be tapping in not in
even just
into the technology that they began to
find which will be jeans and open you
know accessing DNA that has been called
junk DNA that is actually being
activated naturally at this time through
this at the movement of our planet and
our solar system through the galaxies
through the multiverse but so we have
energies coming up into our planet that
Paula Violette talked about a super wave
this is facilitating this awakening here
on planet Earth and part of that
awakening is starting to recognize that
the original human body was actually
immortal that's fascinating I want to I
want to end on that note so we're going
to come back to that thought now I've
described the deep space in my ignorance
as beginning with the Rothschilds and
the black Pope and then going down
through the Freemasons and the Knights
of Malta to the city of London and Wall
Street and then to the various political
parties that are all being prostituted
and they are all being blackmailed by
Jeffrey Epstein and the pedophile
Network and so forth you are actually
painting a much greater picture of the
Illuminati so in two minutes no more
than two minutes define the Illuminati
on earth
well the Illuminati are in essence a
group of black magicians that are led by
the black Pope and who have been gone
back through the ages went through -
well actually originated the on Atlantis
some of whom are part of races that are
negatively based races but they have a
heavy influence of reptilian DNA and
they have tried to dominate the earth
for for its history basically so do the
Roth cows on just what you do the
Jesuits on the Rothschilds you know the
Rothschilds are sort of like a friend
agency like NASA so I appreciate your
emphasis on the Rothschilds but it goes
no I'm learning from you I'm learning
from you so well so what I hear you
saying is that Lynn Rothschild taking a
bad rap double in rock pile is actually
a frontman not the main power well that
is true and some of these people are
actually would
to break away we're looking for
defectors at all times so understand
that there are plenty of what are in
essence members of the Illuminati
Freemasons etc who want to move on to
the light side but can't because they're
being blackmailed
as you have talked about the members of
Congress so we're also talking seeing
Society blackmail of their members to
keep them on board give me a second here
that is the single most important thing
you have said today oh now as you know I
and dr. Cynthia McKinney stand for truth
and reconciliation and my version of
truth and reconciliation anyway is
everyone it's the truth no one goes to
jail yeah so let me reiterate to Evelyn
and Lynn Rothschild specifically and I'm
also in conference with some senior
Freemasons and some senior Jesuits
you're right people do want to come over
to the light yes now I'm not powerful
enough and I may be assassinated
tomorrow who knows but I do believe that
the way is open for bringing people from
the Illuminati to the light side and
that's one of the reasons why I think
our president Donald Trump needs to
offer Mike Pence a pardon and clean
house and make the Trump administration
the beginning of this new light so I
thank you and I bless you for that
remarkable remarkable comment which I
take at 120 percent face value now the
12th question before we get to your
close is who are we the people what does
it really mean to be human what is the
rebel gene and how do you explain the
failure of all of us and we've kind of
talked about this the chemtrails seeding
of actionable part of articles and all
of this so I'm really kind of feeling my
humanity here and I'm loving it so help
me understand who is humanity and how
are we winning humanity is a grand
experiment and this is in part a place
where this war of worlds was brought in
two bodies here on planet earth where we
could learn to get along whereas these
beings do not get along in the
multiverse and the solar systems out
there
we have marauding groups such as
reptilians who refuse to progress who
and in fact you know the Anunnaki
themselves have a progression it is not
only humans that have a soul it is not
only humans that are part of source we
are all part of source so when you look
for a path of return you're noticing
what we are finding in this sector is
that they're more and more some of these
dark side individuals and races are now
changing their their sort of ways and
deciding they they would like to have an
ascension pathway back to connect with
source what happened with the Illuminati
is they fell in love with the mirror the
mirror is artificial intelligence
the mirror is Satanism they fell in love
with the image of themselves not the
true self which is in essence the
Creator I absolutely love that I mean
that strikes me in a deeply
philosophical and caring compassionate
sense I love that very very much what I
hear you saying is that buckminster
fuller's vision of a prosperous world at
peace is achievable in our lifetime
just one where it yes or no yes yes okay
last question and we've only got four
minutes so because we do need to wrap up
I've got an 8 o'clock and I really did
want to keep this at around 45 minutes
for TV and commercials and all that good
stuff so what is the future in in four
minutes what is the future start with
now take us to 2020 when we will have a
new president and then give us the big
picture out 200 years in four minutes
okay well we have a war of worlds as
I've said operating here on planet earth
and we are slowly but surely connecting
the dots and realizing that we have been
slaves a slave species to other races
that have wanted to dominate earth for
eons so we're breaking out of that shell
so to speak the awareness and the truth
is is now coming to the surface
everywhere we are also having for
example landmass
that some some parts of Atlantis are now
coming back to the surface so we're
discovering new things about our past
new truths new intelligence that we had
that was once has been lost for eons is
coming back to us new memories the
memories of the past present and future
we are time travelers by nature that's
the nature of our genome and our
abilities we are a composite of what you
might call ET races what that means is
that we are more than the sum of them
and our parts so in essence this is what
you can say is sorry this is interfering
you're strong on your honor all here so
in fact we what you can look at a hybrid
race such as humanity and understand
that we were a threat back in the days
of the Anunnaki which is around 12,000
years ago if I understand it correctly
and you know time is difficult to gauge
but basically they decided to put in
what is the Missis of frequency fence in
our DNA which would knock a lot of our
abilities away you know the movie lucy
is a great way of looking at what our
future holds this is actually very
possibly can be and beyond because they
emphasize the artificial intelligence of
lucy when in fact the heart and soul are
what really matter we are an
interstellar species that has a long
history going into the future whether we
stay on earth or leave earth or go out
into the multiverse and inhabit other
planets or not it doesn't really matter
we are the safeguards of the library the
genetic library here on planet earth
however and we do need to defend
sovereign ground I think that's a
perfect point n you are absolutely
brilliant let me reiterate that this is
my last question on the subject I am NOT
going to explore the space program again
I'm going to focus on election reform
but Kerry Cassidy I love what you're
doing I admire what you're doing I
respect what you're doing and they help
with everybody who says you're not doing
right I think you are thank you all
right thank you so much Robert David
Steele I look forward to seeing your
progress in the future
and thank you everyone for watching and
listening take care and have a great
afternoon